Operations.md, before:

Operations manual
=================

# Configuration

You need to set the `SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON` environment variable with the JSON configuration, such as in the following example:

```bash
export SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON='{"server":{"address":"0.0.0.0", "port": 8080}, "logging":{"file":"morpheus-spring.log"}, "morpheus":{"http":{"user":"cassio", "password":"god"}, "handlerPrivateKey": "81197557e9117dfd6f16cb72a2710830", "handlerPublicKey": "b16c931c061e14af275bd2c86d3cf48d", "useSSL": true, "IDOS_DEBUG": 1, "IDOS_API_URL": "https://cassio.idos.io/1.0"}}'
```

* The `server` variable controls the `address` and `port` where the service will run.
* The `logging` variable indicates the path of the logging file.
* The `morpheus` variable contains:
    * `http`: basic AUTH credentials;
    * `handlerPrivateKey`: which should be registered with `idOS`;
    * `handlerPublicKey`: which has the public key registered with `idOS`;
    * `useSSL`: indicates whether SSL checking happens when calling the `idOS` API;
    * `IDOS_DEBUG`: indicates whther the requests to `idOS` should be printed to stdout;
    * `IDOS_API_URL`: indicates the URL to connect to the `idOS` API.

# Running the project

* Set the `SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON` environment variable, as explained in the [Configuration](#configuration) section.
* Move into the `target` folder and run the command:
* `java -jar morpheus-0.1.jar`

Commit message:

OCR task for document recognition

Operations.md, after:

Operations manual
=================

# Configuration

You need to set the `SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON` environment variable with the JSON configuration, such as in the following example:

```bash
export SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON='{"server":{"address":"0.0.0.0", "port": 8080}, "logging":{"file":"morpheus-spring.log"}, "morpheus":{"http":{"user":"cassio", "password":"god"}, "handlerPrivateKey": "81197557e9117dfd6f16cb72a2710830", "handlerPublicKey": "b16c931c061e14af275bd2c86d3cf48d", "useSSL": true, "IDOS_DEBUG": 1, "IDOS_API_URL": "https://cassio.idos.io/1.0"}}'
```

* The `server` variable controls the `address` and `port` where the service will run.
* The `logging` variable indicates the path of the logging file.
* The `morpheus` variable contains:
    * `http`: basic AUTH credentials;
    * `handlerPrivateKey`: which should be registered with `idOS`;
    * `handlerPublicKey`: which has the public key registered with `idOS`;
    * `useSSL`: indicates whether SSL checking happens when calling the `idOS` API;
    * `IDOS_DEBUG`: indicates whether the requests to `idOS` should be printed to stdout;
    * `IDOS_API_URL`: indicates the URL to connect to the `idOS` API.

# Setup of Google Cloud Vision API 
The OCR task in Morpheus requires the use of Google Cloud Vision API.
A project has to be created in the [Google Cloud console](https://console.cloud.google.com). 
Credentials have to be created as well, so Morpheus can access the service.
The recommended way to do that is by creating a [Google Application Default Credentials](A detailed guide on creating the credentials is available [here](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#getting_credentials_for_server-centric_flow).
The environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` should be used to point to the file that defines the credentials.

In summary, the steps are as follows to obtain and configure credentials:
1. Go to the [API Console Credentials page](https://console.developers.google.com/project/_/apis/credentials).
2. From the project drop-down, select your project.
3. On the Credentials page, select the Create credentials drop-down, then select Service account key.
4. From the Service account drop-down, select an existing service account or create a new one. **Set the role as Service Account Users**.
5. For Key type, select the JSON key option, then select Create. The file automatically downloads to your computer.
6. Put the *.json file you just downloaded in a directory of your choosing. This directory must be private (you can't let anyone get access to this), but accessible to your web server code.
7. Set the environment variable GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS to the path of the JSON file downloaded.
                                                                                    
You will also need to enable Google Cloud Vision on project settings in the [Google cloud console](https://console.cloud.google.com).

# Running the project

* Set the `SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON` environment variable, as explained in the [Configuration](#configuration) section.
* Move into the `target` folder and run the command:
* `java -jar morpheus-0.1.jar`
